how was tech science friends
and I greet them with rubén honor extracting a
new video on the channel to enter
a new product that we will be bringing
the market is about the tv tv mobile
ios
the model w 330 this is a tuner
that works with your iphone ipod and ipad
in any operating system ios for
that you can watch digital television
where you are without internet
this tuner the haberte mobile ios
model w 330 has a timing connector
so you can use it with
devices as of iphone 55
s 5 is the ipod 4 touch and the ipad 4 ere
mini or mini with retina display this
tuner comes with a battery
included and is extremely portable for
that you can take it wherever you go
started by abertis and mobile that you
You can download from the app or you 're done
You can not only watch but also record
your programs and on your favorite channels
Having lived, you see, it works with two
digital television standards that are
Tibet and street and what do you mean
that you can watch digital television in
different countries of Latin America
including colombia peru chile argentina
bolivia uruguay paraguay brasil and others
countries of South America and Central America and
remember that with this tuner
they will be able to watch digital television
where they are as long as the signal
is available
without consuming data from your plan
good internet friends I hope this
video on mobile team have ios
for iphone ipod and ipad have been
utility already know that for any
information of this and all
products that are being attracted before
Latin Americans can find in www
done technologies hgst dotcom also
we invite you to especially wind
are following our social networks
on facebook and youtube for videos
tutorials and do not do that we'll be
See you soon with a new video here
in the big chao